We're gonna do it again, except for
this time instead of accepting ours,
which is theirs,
we're gonna accept theirs which is ours.
Yeah, so in Hello Git let's do a plus
five in remote Git, let's do a plus six.
So, let's go to.
Let's go to our upstream,
hello-git and go and do A + 5.
A + 5, perfect.
I'm gonna go to remote and
I'm gonna go in here and go A + 6 6.
Okay, there we go.
Git status awesome, git add this,
git commit a plus 6.
There we go.
Now we need to pull in our
origin trunk and rebase on it.
So git pull rebase.
Again, we have the simple conflict.
We just need the result now and
then remember,
we're going to choose
theirs which is ours.
We don't want to choose ours,
which is theirs.
So if you open up the read me,
you'll see there's a plus six,
which is in the there's category.
So, erase that.
Save it.
There we go.
We've now officially done that.
We got a status We add it,
if you check in status, you can see
right here all conflicts are fixed.
run this it's waiting for you to say that
you're done, I'm gonna take this command,
rebase continue, awesome.
Now, we have a chance to edit our
commit message if we want to.
I'm gonna keep it as A+6, awesome.
So I can go git log oneline And
you can see right here, there's that.
Here's our previous change, and
now we have the a plus six change.
All right.
This is where it just
gets kind of annoying.
We're gonna do this a little bit.
Let's just add a new line right
below a plus six and hello git.
Just one new line, okay?
So let's go to Hello git open
up the readme and go new line.
Save it, git status,
git add, git commit, new line,
go back to remote and I'm going to
git pull this one in with a rebase.
Now remember rebase show.
Checks out the thing I'm going to,
replace the commits one at a time, and
look at this.
We got a conflict don't fix the conflict,
just check it out.
Look at that.
It's like we're all over again.
We're doing the exact same thing again.
We've already fixed it yet.
Here's the exact same conflict again.
So it can A little bit emotionally
painful if you have to fix
the same conflict over and
over and over again.
It's almost like I wish Git you
could reuse recorded resolutions.
That'd be really, really nice, right?
That's me saying to your face
the The thing you're supposed to use, and
you don't realize that I'm saying
it if you don't know about it,
yeah, it's like the joke, you get it,
it is like right there, it's pretty funny.
All right, anyway, so
we see, this stinks, right?
And so we could fix the conflict,
don't actually commit it,
let's fix the conflict.
To the point where we have
A+6 plus the new line, right?
So I'm gonna have to merge
those changes together, right?
So I'm gonna have to go delete that,
delete this, and then move that one down.
Kind of stinks, right?
This is where things really get crappy
when you have conflicts like that,
because then they get
really hard to understand.
All right, so we're not gonna resolve yet.
By the way, does this make sense
now with how rebase works?
Do we all understand why this happened?
The replaying of commits where we're gonna
conflict, add infinitum cuz we're just
replaying something that has changing
the same Plays twice, remember,
it always replays one at a time.